[DOCS] Enrich docs for Kyuubi Hive JDBC driver (#4655)
apache/kyuubi: docs/quick_start/quick_start_with_jdbc.md

Hive 3.1.x JDBC driver, aims to support some missing functionalities of the original Hive JDBC driver.

The driver is available from Maven Central:

```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>org.apache.kyuubi</groupId>
    <artifactId>kyuubi-hive-jdbc-shaded</artifactId>
    <version>1.7.0</version>
</dependency>
```

## U## Connect to non-kerberized Kyuubi Server

The below java code is using a keytab file to login and connect to Kyuubi server by JDBC.

```java
package org.apache.kyuubi.examples;
  
import java.sql.*;

public class KyuubiJDBC {

    private static String driverName = "org.apache.kyuubi.jdbc.KyuubiHiveDriver";
    private static String kyuubiJdbcUrl = "jdbc:kyuubi://localhost:10009/default;";

    public static void main(String[] args) throws SQLException {
        Connection conn = DriverManager.getConnection(kyuubiJdbcUrl);
        Statement stmt = conn.createStatement();
        ResultSet rs = st.executeQuery("show databases");
        while (rs.next()) {
            System.out.println(rs.getString(1));
        }
        rs.close();
        stmt.close();
        conn.close();
    }
}
```
## Connect to Kerberized Kyuubi Server

> The following Java code is using a keytab file to login and connect to Kyuubi Server by JDBC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following Java code uses a keytab file to login and connect to Kyuubi Server by JDBC.
```

```java
package org.apache.kyuubi.examples;
import java.sql.*;
public class KyuubiJDBCDemo {
    private static String driverName = "org.apache.kyuubi.jdbc.KyuubiHiveDriver";
    private static String kyuubiJdbcUrlTemplate = "jdbc:kyuubi://localhost:10009/default;" +
            "clientPrincipal=%s;clientKeytab=%s;serverPrincipal=%s";
    public static void main(String[] args) throws SQLException {
        String clientPrincipal = args[0]; // Kerberos principal
        String clientKeytab = args[1];    // Keytab file location
        String serverPrincipal = arg[2];  // Kerberos principal used by Kyuubi Server
        String kyuubiJdbcUrl = String.format(kyuubiJdbcUrl, clientPrincipal, clientKeytab, serverPrincipal);
        Connection conn = DriverManager.getConnection(kyuubiJdbcUrl);
        Statement stmt = conn.createStatement();
        ResultSet rs = st.executeQuery("show databases");
        while (rs.next()) {
            System.out.println(rs.getString(1));
        }

>         rs.close();

Reviewer: nit: better in `finally` and wrap each close with separated `try-finally` blocks

Author: updated
